(theme music playing)
♪ ♪
When we left for Bastogne,
we were short of equipment,
we didn't have
enough ammunition,
enough warm clothes.
But we had confidence
that our higher
military authorities
would get to us
whatever we needed.
And there was a ridge
with a tree line.
We were dug in on that ridge.
The Germans knew
right where we were
and they really
gave us a shellacking.
Well, like in Bastogne,
we were down
to one round per man
there for a while.
There was this,
the fog was in,
they couldn't drop us,
couldn't resupply us.
Every time they tried
to drop supplies into us,
they missed us and
dropped them to the Germans.
One of the guys
got hit in the arm
with a piece of shrapnel.
Took his arm off
above the elbow.
And they were
taking him out,
he said, "Get my wristwatch
off of my arm."
And then a medic
came along,
and I think he really
saved my life,
because he stuck a syrette
in a key position,
more morphine.
Even today,
a real cold night,
we go to bed and my wife
will tell you that first thing
I'll say is,
"I'm glad
I'm not in Bastogne."
(wind blowing softly)
(footsteps crunching snow)
(breath shivering)
(distant explosion)
(distant gunfire)
(breath quavering)
(distant explosion)
(distant rapid gunfire)
(twig snaps)
(whispering)
Doc, Doc, Doc!
(distant rapid gunfire)
Kommen sie hier.
Kommen sie hier,
schnell!
Schnell!
(distant rapid gunfire)
(vehicle approaching)
Doc, bandage.
Take him
back to regiment.
As you all know,
General MacAuliffe,
acting division commander.
Give it to me
straight!
We've been taking ground
in one position, General,
losing it in another.
And now it looks
like a stand-off,
we're digging in on
the edge of the forest.
We're under sporadic
artillery fire, General.
We're taking a lot of hits,
and we have no aid station.
We've run out of food,
we have no winter clothes,
and we have little
or no ammo.
The line's spread so thin,
the enemy wanders
into our CP to use
our slit trenches, sir.
We just can't
cover the line.
Sink:
Good morning,
Captain Nixon.
You got anything to add
for General MacAuliffe?
General, ah, yes, sir.
General, I took
a walk on our line
about 0300 last night.
Couldn't find the 501st
on our right flank.
I tied in with a squad
from our Second Platoon,
but, sir, we've got
some considerable gaps
in our perimeter.
I don't have
enough people, sir.
We're spread
too damn thin.
Hold the line, Colonel.
Close the gaps.
This goddamn fog
won't lift any time soon,
so, you can forget
about air cover.
Your First Battalion
just pulled out of Foy,
Krauts on their tail.
Tanks, artillery,
got no backup.
There's a lot of shit
heading this way.
Doc?
Can I scrounge a bandage
from your aid kit, sir?
How are you fixed?
No plasma,
couple of bandages,
practically no morphine.
In fact, I tried to find
my way up to Third Battalion
looking for supplies,
but... lost my way.
If you can't get
over to Third,
hook up with Doc Ryan.
He'll fix you up with
what he has to spare.
Thanks, Captain.
Eugene...
Get everything you can.
You're gonna
need it.
Spina.
Doc.
What's happening?
We're digging in
right along the line.
Yeah?
Yeah, this is it.
So, what'd you get?
I got, uh,
I got this.
And I got myself
a Kraut bandage.
What? This is it?
Yeah, that's it,
that's all you got.
Jeez.
(distant explosion)
You know, First Battalion's
pulled out of Foy.
Heavy casualties.
So, if they're pulling back,
then what the hell
are we doing sitting here?
We need morphine,
this is all I got.
You got extra scissors?
Uh-uh, just the one.
Dike:
First Sergeant Lipton!
Lipton:
Sir.
What's this?
Two medics
in one hole?
Yes, sir.
What's gonna happen to us
if you take a hit, huh?
Sir?
First Sergeant,
where's my foxhole?
It's back here, sir.
Maybe you missed it, huh?
I'll walk you back, sir.
You're a bit
close to the line here.
Goddamn it.
Sergeant Guarnere.
Did you keep
your morphine from Holland?
No.
Hey, Doc,
I gotta talk to you.
How's that leg?
Oh, to hell with the leg.
I'm pissing needles.
Later.
(mutters) Shit.
You seen 'em?
No.
But they're out there.
Depend on it.
Cup of joe, Doc?
Gordon, I need scissors.
You got scissors,
sharp scissors?
Scissors?
Uh-huh.
Well, let's see. I'll have
to check the sewing room.
Might be upstairs
in the study,
that skinny old drawer
in the middle of the desk.
All right. What about
an extra syrette in
your aid kit, huh?
Hide your morphine,
guys--
Muck, you all right?
I'm good.
Muck! Malarkey! Penkala!
We're okay.
Look at this shit!
They've peppered my helmet.
Hey, Doc! Doc! Morphine.
Here, take it!
Where's Penkala?
Christ knows.
Man:
Medic!
Doc!
You guys hit?
Doc, how you doing?
Hey, are you crazy?
What are you
looking at him for?
Watch the goddamn line.
You got a syrette?
Uh-uh. No.
Man:
Medic!
Go.
Doc!
Penkala.
It's the artery,
I can feel it.
Penkala, let go!
It's the goddamn artery!
Penkala, loosen your fingers,
goddamn it! Loosen them now!
I'll bleed to death.
Relax your arm,
Penky, come on!
It's not the artery.
I ain't going back, Doc.
What?
I ain't going nowhere,
not in this shit.
You don't want
to go out in this shit
and you're yelling "medic"?
I don't need to go
back to no aid station.
Well, you're
in luck, Penkala.
We don't got
no aid station.
Penkala, scissors,
I need scissors.
You got scissors?
What the hell
I need scissors for?
Got your aid kit?
Right. Well,
you don't need
this, not yet.
I do.
Who got hit?
Penkala.
All right, here. This is
what I want you to do.
I want you to
take someone,
and work your way
over to the
Third Battalion,
all right?
You know what we need,
bandages, plasma.
Whatever you
can beg, you beg.
All right?
And get me
some goddamn scissors.
I can't get any.
And you get yourself
a hot meal too, huh?
Go.
You know, he told me
he was a goddamn virgin.
Who?
The replacement
in my foxhole, Julian.
Yeah?
Goddamn virgin,
just a kid.
The only virgin I know
is the Virgin Mary.
Hey, Babe,
where the hell are we?
This way.
I don't like it.
Where the hell's
Third Battalion?
Shit. Come on.
(men speaking German)
Come on, come on.
Give me a hand.
Go, go!
Scheisse!
Come on, Spina, move!
I'm moving.
Keep moving!
Come on, go.
Okay, we can spare
a few bandages, but that's it.
No morphine.
You're gonna have to go
back to Bastogne for plasma.
Bastogne? It took us
an hour to find you.
Doesn't your surgeon
have plasma?
We don't have one, no surgeon,
no aid station, nothing.
Just me
and my buddy.
Sorry, guys,
but we just can't help you.
Man:
Take cover!
Get your butts out of here,
we're pulling back!
Come on, let's go!
Go, go, go!
Move!
Should have shot Hinkle
in the ass.
Hinkle nearly shot him
in the ass!
Hey. God bless you.
(chattering)
Yo, these smell
like my armpit.
At least
your armpit's warm.
Do you want syrup
with that?
Hey, Joe, be honest,
what's in these things
anyway, huh?
Nothing you
won't eat, Malarkey.
I won't eat Malarkey.
Hey, hey, maybe Hinkle
would like your share, huh?
I should have shot him
when I had the chance.
What, running
backwards, Babe?
Anybody see Lieutenant Dike?
Try Battalion CP, sir.
Try Paris.
Try Hinkle.
Hinkle, sweetie,
I'm home.
Hey, Eugene, Lieutenant Dike's
got a full aid kit, try him.
Yeah, I'm sure
he's not using his.
Maybe Hinkle's
got a syrette for you.
Eat your strudel.
Hey, Hinkle-vinkle,
eat the armpit, huh?
Lieutenant Dike.
Lieutenant.
Can you spare something
from your aid kit, sir?
I'm real short,
I need syrettes.
What, morphine?
Yes, sir.
All right.
Please.
What happens
if I get hit?
I'll be there, sir.
Syrette's in here, right?
Yes, it is.
Here.
I don't plan
on getting hit.
Thank you, sir.
(coughing)
Heffron.
Hey, Heffron,
you okay?
Gene, what is with
the Heffron bullshit, huh?
You know my name,
why don't you use it?
It's Edward, right?
Edward,
are you serious?
Only the goddamn nuns
call me Edward.
Hey, listen,
I need to know whether
you kept your morphine
from Holland.
No. You asked me already,
remember?
No, I don't recall.
Hey.
Gordon, you want me?
Oh, yeah, morphine.
Third Platoon ponied up
the contraband.
You still looking
for scissors?
Yes, I am.
Perconte.
Perconte. Yeah.
Doc.
Thank you.
Oh, and you better check
on Joe Toye out on the OP.
He's missing something.
Thanks.
You guys okay?
They got hot food.
Can you smell it?
Toye, are you
missing something?
Home.
Ask him to dance, Doc.
(distant rapid gunfire)
Toye, show me your feet.
You watch
the goddamn line, McClung.
Where are your boots?
In Washington,
up General Taylor's ass.
I don't believe this.
I can move better
in bare feet, Doc.
What happened?
I took 'em off,
drying my goddamn socks.
They got
blown to hell, okay?
Well, what's your size?
Nine, just like
everybody else.
Frank, you keep
cleaning those teeth,
the Germans will
see you a mile away.
Shoot you dead.
That's right, Pee Wee,
you keep laughing.
Hey, Doc.
Doc. My stuff.
Oh, come on, Doc.
What, you got
a drugstore in here?
No, I own my stuff.
What are
you looking for?
Scissors.
Thank you, Perconte.
Perconte:
My goddamn scissors!
Sergeant Guarnere.
Marlene, is that you?
Hey, Doc.
Doc, come here.
USO pickin' up syrettes!
Alley, Liebgott,
you got any?
No, got used
in Holland, Doc.
You ain't using this stuff,
are you, Doc?
I mean personal, like?
Come on.
(singing)
Hey, Doc,
I still got the itchin'.
Every time I pee
it's murder.
Yeah, I know, I'm sorry,
But I just don't have
penicillin for your pirouette.
My what?
Lieutenant, make sure
you move around a little.
Get your blood flowing.
I can't feel my feet.
Yeah, well, that's why
you gotta move around,
so you don't get trench foot.
Should I take
my boots off?
Uh-uh, all you gotta do
is just loosen 'em up.
Keep moving.
Sergeant, I'm sorry.
Look, I know it must be hell,
but I can't help you.
Just drink lots of water.
Water, it's pissing
that hurts!
Shut it!
Shut the hell up!
What's going
on here, Bill?
Who the hell's singing?
I'll find out, Lieutenant.
I'll find out,
I'll shut 'em up.
(rapid gunfire)
(quietly) Oh Lord, grant
that I shall never seek
so much to be consoled,
as to console,
to be understood,
as to understand,
or to be loved,
as to love
with all my heart.
With all my heart.
(explosion echoes)
Man:
Medic!
Medic! Medic!
(screams)
Oh, Christ!
Perconte,
you getting a jeep?
I'm on it, Doc.
Look what they
did to my leg!
Perconte:
Easy CP. Easy CP.
This is Perconte.
Sisk has been hit
and I need a jeep.
I say it again,
I need a jeep now!
Move it, goddamn it!
We need it now!
(explosions)
(whimpering)
Okay, Sisk, ain't that bad,
ain't that bad.
Ain't that bad?
(screams)
One pull!
(yells)
No, Doc, save the morphine,
I can make it.
Save it, okay?
Okay, all right,
let's get him out of here.
(groaning)
Where's the goddamn jeep?
I don't know,
but I hear it.
(screaming)
Jesus Christ!
Oh, Skinny, you've got blood
all over my trousers.
I'm real sorry, Frank.
Get him up.
Damn it, skinny.
Tell Spina
I went in for plasma.
Get him up.
All the tanks,
artillery,
Are pulled back to here.
We've got no back-up
beyond Bastogne, this is it.
The krauts captured
the 326th medical
and they took everybody.
Doctors, medics,
the whole shebang.
We got nothin'.
They're giving the boys
hooch for the pain.
Aaah!
He took a mortar hit,
watch the leg.
Yeah, watch the leg.
Get him in.
Move it!
Coming through.
Morning fellas.
Oh, no, no, no, here,
put him here.
Man:
Yes, ma'am.
Aaah.
Is he bad?
No, lower leg wound,
no morphine.
Nurse, have you got
plasma I can--
Wait, please.
Hey, what's going on here?
why aren't
these men evacuated?
We can't evacuate,
we're cut off.
This is as far
as it goes.
Renee:
Faites attention
des plasma.
Ca va?
Ce n'est pas grave,
ce n'est pas urgent.
I'm in heaven, Doc.
Pas encore, de merci.
Nurse?
This way.
I need morphine,
I need bandages,
Whatever you've got.
Okay, I can give you
a little, but not a lot.
There you go.
You can have this,
do you want that?
Oui, you got plasma?
A little.
Are you a surgeon?
No, we don't
got no surgeon.
What's this?
Er, from the bed.
What, sheets?
Yes, for bandages.
Okay.
Voila.
Merci.
Comment vous
appelez vous?
My name is Renee.
I'm Gene,
Eugene Roe.
Where are you from?
Louisiana, half Cajun.
Et toi,
d'ou viens tu?
Bastogne.
Can you get me
back to the line?
Sure.
Eugene.
Chocolat.
Pour vous.
Maloney:
Benedictio dei
omnipotentis patri et filii
et spiritus sancti
descendat super vos
et maneat semper.
Amen.
Men:
Maloney:
Fight well for your god
and your country.
God bless you all,
and stay safe.
That's it, guys,
nothing more to worry about.
We're gonna die now,
we're gonna die in
a state of grace.
Isn't that right, Babe?
Battalion want
a reconnaissance patrol.
Kraut hunting.
All right, I'll go,
take these.
Give the boots to Joe Toye,
tell him they're a nine.
Keep going, till we make
some kind of contact.
Peacock's leading, right?
Right.
Asshole couldn't find
a snowball in a blizzard.
That's what's happening,
that's the order.
Sarge?
Yeah, Julian.
Let me be
the lead scout.
Back in line,
Private.
All right, that's it,
let's move out.
Tactical columns,
gentlemen.
Doc, Doc,
it's a combat patrol.
Why don't
you stay back
And keep your ass
out of trouble, huh?
Yes, sergeant.
Yeah.
Martin:
Come on, Hoobler,
pick it up.
(explosion)
Right, move up.
Go.
Fire!
Get down!
Jesus.
Shit!
Bull!
Christenson!
Up on line!
Johnny!
We got a man down!
Jack, over here.
What have we got?
Keep still, Julian!
We've gotta
make a move!
I can get him, sarge.
Suppressing fire!
One man down, easy!
Covering fire!
(shouting)
Easy CP,
I have one man down!
Okay, stay there,
don't move.
Stop moving else
they'll keep shootin'.
(gunshots)
What's happening, sir?
We're pulling back,
we made contact.
I gotta get
to the CP.
Don't move!
Stop moving,
they'll keep firing,
stop moving!
Jesus Christ, fuck.
John, what--?
Pull back,
we gotta pull back!
Let's get the hell
out of here!
Let's go,
let's go, let's go!
Move!
Go!
Stay with us,
stay with us!
Hold on, Julian,
Look at me,
stay with us!
hold on, hold on!
Don't move, Julian,
we're coming back!
We'll get you out of here,
just hold on!
Go, let's go!
(gunshots)
Man:
On me, move!
Come on, let's go!
Where the hell
are we?!
Man:
Straight ahead!
Doc!
Man:
Okay, Christenson,
set it up on the rock.
Luz:
Easy CP, Easy CP,
Lightning, over.
I need an "A" jeep
standing by at the CP.
Okay, got you
a jeep, Doc.
Martin!
Martin: Sir!
What's going on?!
They got Julian!
He's still alive!
We don't
know that!
We've gotta
go get him, sir!
Did you hit an OP
Or their line?
Their line, sir!
We've gotta go back, sir,
get Julian out of there!
No, fall back!
Man:
we lost Peacock.
No, he's back
at the CP.
Nixon:
Come on, Martin,
fall back!
Get him
out of here!
Let's up and go!
(gunshots)
Luz:
Doc, we've gotta move now,
Doc, come on, let's go!
Doc, now,
let's go!
Martin:
Move!
Let's go!
Fall back!
(coughing)
We couldn't get
to him, Captain.
We tried, Babe tried,
we couldn't get to him.
Hey, people.
Let me sit in here
with you guys.
(coughing)
Heffron?
Toye.
What you
doing out here?
Thanks for the boots, Doc,
doing fine.
Are you still having trouble
with your feet?
Show me,
let me see it.
It's trench foot,
Toye.
If it turns gangrene,
you could lose it.
I ain't coming off
the line, Doc.
Well, you gotta
stay dry.
Massage your feet.
Change socks every day,
and dry the wet ones
around your neck.
Try.
Do it.
I'm working on it.
Oh, you seen
Heffron?
No.
Why?
He ain't
in his hole.
Fuck.
Got you.
Heffron?
Edward.
Eat it.
Good.
Perfect.
I promised him,
if he got hit,
I'd get his stuff and bring it
to his ma, you know?
Now the fucking krauts
will strip him.
Hey, no,
it's okay.
It's not!
It's not okay.
We should've
got to him.
(coughing)
(gunshots)
Hey, what do you call
those people again?
Those Cajun
healers?
Traiteurs.
You know, my grandma
was a traiteurs.
Uh-huh.
Your grandmother?
No shit?
Well, she was.
Laid her hands
on people and cured 'em.
Took away sickness, cancer,
you name it.
Your grandma
did that?
Wow, you're
shitting me.
I remember she used
to pray a lot.
Yeah, I guess
she had to.
Talked to God about the pain
she pulled out.
Asked him to...
carry it away.
That's what
she did.
Jesus.
I'm still trying to figure why
they picked me for a medic.
God knows.
Snap of a finger and just like
that you're a medic.
I've had enough
playing doctor.
Hey, how about you?
(distant explosion)
Joe.
(airplane flying overhead)
(cheering)
(gunshots)
Cease fire!
Cease fire,
goddamn it!
Sergeant, I don't understand,
it was our own planes.
Shh!
C-47's.
They're bringing supplies,
it's a drop.
It's a drop,
come on!
Lipton:
all right, help the doc.
The rest of you
come with me.
Man:
medic!
Someone give us
a hand here!
Help, help!
Renee:
This one through here.
Now, vite!
Renee:
La pression est se
trouve a l'artere.
Oui, d'accord.
The artery,
gotta find the artery.
Moi, je ne
la trouve pas!
Anna!
Je ne la trouve pas!
Where does
she come from?
The black girl?
The Congo.
How'd she
get here?
Just like me.
She came to help.
Chocolat?
Hmm.
What?
Your hands.
My hands?
Mm-hmm.
You're a
good nurse.
No.
I never want to treat
another wounded man again.
I'd rather work
in a butcher's shop.
But your touch...
calms people.
That's a gift
from God.
No, it's not a gift.
God would never give
such a painful thing.
Man:
nurse!
Nurse!
We need some help
over here!
Guy's shot
through the stomach.
Renee:
how bad is it?
Okay, get this one
in first.
Man:
you'll be all right.
Compton:
Now we know how they felt.
What?
Who?
The Legionnaires.
When they were
watching the Huns,
the Goths,
the Visigoths.
Visigoths?
Jesus Christ.
Uh, barbarians.
Ah.
They came right
through here.
Right through these trees,
just sweeping down
to burn the shit
out of Rome.
That's a hell of
a long ride.
So what, what's
college like, Buck?
You got time
to hit the books
with cheerleaders
running their fingers
through your hair?
Hell, Babe,
I can't even remember.
(Gunshot)
Hey, it's Doc.
Sergeant.
Heffron.
Lieutenant.
Wrap up.
Never calls anybody
by their nickname.
He once
called me Edward.
Is that right?
Edward?
That's your name?
Yeah.
Funny, you don't look
like an Edward.
(Coughing)
(Wind blowing)
(Tanks rumbling)
Hey, Doc.
It's gonna get
busy, pal.
Hold your fire, boys.
Don't let 'em
draw you out.
Man:
Hold your fire!
Stay ready, boys.
What the hell are we gonna hit
those things with, Lip?
Hold your fire.
Get ready, Walter.
(Explosion)
Man:
Stay in your holes, guys.
(Gasping)
Man:
Smokey's hit, medic!
Hey, Eugene, let's go!
Come on, let's go!
Okay, go!
Ready.
Medic!
Doc!
Smokey!
Hi, Mo.
I got it,
I'm keeping it for you.
Smoke!
I can't feel
my legs, Gene.
Take it easy.
My foxhole,
get the plasma, now!
Here they come!
(Tanks rumbling)
You got 'em?
I got 'em, go!
Machine gun open fire!
Open fire, left!
Sergeant Lipton!
Doc, we gotta get
the hell out of here.
Stay with us Smokey.
Stay with us!
We gotta get
the hell out of here!
(Machine gun firing)
You ready?
All right, go!
Stop,
we've gotta stop.
All right.
Take the plasma.
Hey, hey,
come on, Walt.
Come on, buddy.
Hurry, Doc,
come on, Doc.
I've gotta get
back to the line.
Okay, okay.
Lip?
Yeah, buddy.
You're standing
on my hand.
Sorry, bud.
Look, I'll get you another
purple heart for it.
Hey!
Hey, give us a hand.
I got you a ride, Doc.
Jones!
Give it here.
Okay, put him here.
Where's his tag?
What's wrong with him?
Paralyzed.
What?
He's paralyzed.
Can't feel a thing.
In the name
of the father,
of the son,
and of the holy spirit,
Amen.
Eugene?
Man: Renee!
Are you...
Man:
Renee, I need
some help here.
Are you all right?
Man:
Renee!
(Coughing)
Here you go, man.
One for the doc.
Sure.
Doc?
Better than sitting down
to a Christmas eve dinner
of turkey and hooch
back at the division CP.
Damned if I don't like
old Joe Dominguez's
rancid-assed beans better.
Hello, Easy Company.
All:
Hello, sir.
General MacAuliffe
sent a message to
the entire division.
I thought maybe your people
would like to hear it.
Oh, that should be
your prerogative, sir.
Fine.
Men!
General MacAuliffe wishes us
all a merry Christmas.
What's merry about
all this, you ask?
Just this.
"We've stopped cold everything
that's been thrown at us
"from the north,
east, south and west.
"Now, two days ago
the German commander
"demanded our
honorable surrender
"to save the USA
encircled troops
from total annihilation."
The German commander
received the following reply.
"To the German commander,
"Nuts!"
(Giggling)
"We're giving our country
and our loved ones at home
"a worthy
Christmas present,
"and being privileged
to take part
"In this gallant
feat of arms,
"we're truly making
for ourselves...
"a merry Christmas."
Merry Christmas to you all
and God bless you.
(Soldiers shouting)
Merry Christmas, sir.
(Screaming)
Nuts!
(distant singing)
(Germans singing
"Silent Night")
Bill.
Huh?
Picture of my girl.
Good looking broad, buck.
She's...
She's finished
with me.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah, she's, uh...
Just in time
for Christmas, huh?
for Christmas.
Oh shit!
I almost forgot.
Oh, oh.
Lucky Strikes,
means fine tobacco.
Where the hell
did you get those?
Merry Christmas, fellas.
Gotta thank
jolly old saint Luz.
Oh, beautiful.
There.
There you go, Penk.
I am shaking
so goddamn much,
I feel like
I'm dancin'.
There you go, buddy.
There you go.
Frank, what
are you doing?
It's Christmas, Pee-wee.
Here, Frank.
What is it?
Lemon powder snow cone.
Pass.
Merry fucking Christmas.
Harry.
Fire's not
a good idea.
Just a couple
of minutes.
We're in a dell.
A dell?
You mean where fairies
and gnomes live?
I swear I thought
I could smell a fire.
I did smell a fire.
Are you out
of your mind?
Well, we're in a dell.
Huh?
Down!
Crossfire!
Oh, god no!
Medic!
This is captain Nixon.
I need an "A" jeep
for 2nd battalion CP.
Stay still, Harry.
Man:
Hey, Doc,
put that out!
Repeat, "A" jeep
for 2nd Battalion CP.
Medic!
Doc!
Come on, Doc.
Is he hurt?
I don't know.
Move, get in!
Doc!
I gotta go.
Eugene,
come on, get up.
The captain's yelling,
Okay, get up,
not okay, lie down.
come on, move!
Jesus Christ!
Oh my hand,
my god damned hand!
Roe!
(Screaming)
Jesus!
Okay?
Roe?
(Screaming)
Stay still, Harry.
It's just
a scratch, Harry.
You're not getting
out of here this easy.
Jeep's on it's way,
hang tough.
Here's a towel.
(Moaning)
Towel.
Yeah sure.
I got morphine in my pocket,
give it to him.
Where you want it?
Opposite thigh.
Aaaah!
Okay.
Elevate his head.
Get him up.
There you go,
soldier, take that.
Eugene,
Get yourself into town,
get a hot meal.
Man:
get out quick!
Clear the road!
(Screaming)
Get out quick!
Stay out of there!
Medic!
Get your ass
out here!
Come on!
Every hour,
on the hour,
on the radio,
but I don't know
where the hell you are.
Everything okay?
Babe?
Yeah.
Hey, how'd you do that?
You did that.
I'll fix it up.
Hey, Gene,
you called me Babe.
I did?
When?
Just now.
Babe...
I guess I did.
Babe.
Heffron, watch
the goddamn line.
♪ ♪